Session 1 Notes:

Recap from last season, we cured my rather awkward situation with dopples, and we decided to move head first on a noble in the city to help out a paladin friend. Sleuthing about for a while Eaglor and I got everyone inside, and we encountered the rest of the enemy part - A lady dressed in a long white gown with white/blonde hair, Olia Forsworth, and a large figure (we would assume a man) - heavy footsteps.

Olia addressed us, she expects fighter guild but not everyone. Bantz follows, Urth calls us members of the fighters guild. Multiple Olias, a muscly man and other heavy footsteps. I ask Eaglor to let loose his arrow, he sent an arrow of feey conjuration and the battle started. As Eaglor fired his arrow, the shapes of the six Olias blurred and Eaglor missed his shot summoning a Yeth Hound - a terrifying dark fey creature. Loosing his concentration could very well get us all killed.

The Yeth hits the ground and just moves. Eaglor then gives the bite order on the Olia which he feels it is. Eaglor moves under the awning, as I hand him my blink dagger. I hear a sword hit the Yeth hound as I run towards a door in the mansion to find a diversion spot. I try the door but it happens to be locked, Eaglor seeing this nods

Bonaparte rushes under the awning pulling three of the mirror images of Olia to the bottom floor. He immediatedly slashes at Olia and damages her badly. Urthan uses his swords power - scimitar of warning and rushes to Olia to see which one is the Olia. He goes in for the strike but misses his shot at damaging Olia. The other three Olias jump down next to the hurt Olia. As I mindlessly fumble with a door for what seems like an eternity, the Yeth jumps down Bonaparte's hole and jumps at one of the three Olias lined up by the door. The Yeth doesn't hit its bite attack but still stays valiant.

Eaglor helps me unlock the door and we manage to get into a small room, but just before I decide to run at a muscle brute to take a swing with my magic sword. I miss and immediately teleport to Eaglor. Olia tries to shoot at Eaglor, but misses. And Eaglor gets a fair share of hiding time for now. Urth casts compare duel and is compelled to duel Olia. Olia completely revelealed now takes a brutal hit from Bonaparte.

The large men hit the Yeth hound once again. Two of the Olias just re-appear in the top floor near us. The smaller of the large men (6ft, so not really that small) grows in size to a 12ft tall monster towering over the Yeth. Eaglor hides inside the room and shoots a crossbow bolt explaining why he needs to be protected (concentration spell). As he says this the Yeth deals massive damage to Olia. The crossbow bolt hits the 12ft enemy and the enemy looks directly at me while Eaglor hides. I audibly say "Well... Fuck." I run at Urthan who gets hit and is visibly injured, and throw him a healing potion, all while trying to hit the smaller armored man. I miss the hit and so does Bonaparte with the follow-up.

Olia is pretty much in pain with the Yeth upstairs. Urthan drinks the potion and Olia changes the surroundings to be white but not white. In the mean time, the 12ft man dude decided to come and take a gut punch at me. It hit and it mildy scratched me. The Yeth quite anachronistically speaking, hits the Olia and really hangs on to her leg. 

Eaglor being somewhat sectioned off from the fight now explores his surrounding. Eaglor uses a health potion and the scene returns back to me being hit by a minion

A scimitar and dagger both hit me and deal plenty of damage. Afterwhich I retaliate and deal a whopping 17 damage to my fearsome foe. Urthan puts his hand on my back and makes me feel good as I gain some health. Finished with the current situation Olia gets bitten once again by the Yeth. Ouch!

Eaglor gives an muffled "Somebody go get her!!!"

Well, the Yeth heard her... It killed Olia. In the mean time I got tossed a superior health pot from Eaglor. Before I could use it the warrior ran away, I decided to kill it while warning the entering Ricarden Nylo to bugger off. I stabbed the warrior. The Yeth poised for an attack and scared the shit out of Nylo and a guard. Eaglor positions Bonaparte to do something useful and warn him if there is impending doom. Eaglor makes some failed skill checks and tries to lift the obelisk. 

The warrior still fleeing tries to run up the stairs, both Bonaparte and I hit it to no avail. When will this fuck die?

The Yeth essentially mauls one of the men. I yell to Nylo to take his men and leave. Meanwhile Eaglor still is having a rough party with the Obelisk. Bonaparte as usual fails to stop the warrior running to Eaglor, by wonderful happenstance I fail to stop the warrior as well. Urthan does damage but doesn't stop it either. Luckily I use the teleport dagger to put myself between the warrior and Eaglor.

Eaglor seeing impending doom he kicks off of the obelisk and rolls out of the way while I take a ridiculous 5 damage from the enemy. Jumping into the sky with my teleport dagger, I land blade first into the enemy killing it instantly.

We get the Yeth to scare everyone off outside and then loot the house, eaglor takes off saying "follow me", with an obelisk in his hands... err... claws...

Session 2 Notes:
 We run out of the mansion, Bonaparte and Urthan running to keep up with us. Eaglor dashes away as we run to the sewers once more. Note: The blood color on the cape turned purple. We run and Eaglor and Bonaparte attract plenty of attention. Urthan and I are invisible as Eaglor and Bonaparte have plenty of bogeys, I hand the ring to Eaglor and take the dagger in case that he needs to tp to me. As we go towards the park Eaglor and Bonaparte keep getting hit. I steal as many botlts and arrows as much as possible.  After taking massive damage, they enter the sewers. Urthan and I turn to each other and decide to go another way. 

Session 3 Notes:
Testing: We are in a strange magical Jungle and we are fighting old NPCs was fun. Tried to balance Eaglors latest subclass
